that whole process of galaxies forming and
evolving over 13 plus billion years uh we've
learned a lot about that but we're really
missing a key piece of the puzzle which is
how galaxies got their start so that's the piece
that we haven't seen yet and that's the piece the
James web Space Telescope will allow us to see for
the very first time so the first stars in galaxies
are really the big mystery for us we don't know
how that happened we don't know when it happened
we have a pretty good idea that they were very
much larger than the Sun and that they would burn
out in a tremendous burst of Glory in just a few
million years which is really very short but they
would also prepare the way for further generations
of stars like the sun to be formed so those first
Stars would produce the chemical elements of
Life carbon and oxygen and nitrogen and iron
and sulfur and calcium and all the things that
were made of would have been produced in those
first generations of stars that then explode
and Liberate the material back out into space
so the next generation of stars could form with
planets with solid bodies and possibly have life